Oa), PORT QASIM AUTHORITY

BIN a ASIM, KARACHI-75020

cxemyonsonsrooniy ORO) PPORTUNITIE

PORT QASIM AUTHORITY INVITES APPLICATIONS FROM SUITABLE CANDIDATES FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE FOLLOWING
POSTS ON CONTRACT BASIS FOR A PERIOD OF TWO (02) YEARS (EXTENDABLE):

Name and Scale | No. of Prescribed Educational Maximum
ofthe Post | Post Qualification and Experience age limit

Manager 1 _ | Master of foreign-going ship or Certificate of Competency 45 Years
(Conservancy) (Deck Officer) Class-I Master Mariner or Second Class
BPS-19 Engineer or Certificate of Competency (Second Engineer
Officer) Class-.

12 years-experience in handiing navigational aids and
buoys, channel maintenance and conservancy work in a
port including commands.

Deputy Atleast 2nd Class Master's Degree with Statistics 7
Conservancy Economics/ Commerce or First Mate of foreign-going ship
Officer or Certificate of Competency (Deck Officer) Class
(BPS-18) (05 years-experience of handling in navigational aids and
buoys/channel maintenance and conservancy work in a
Port.

Dredging First Mate of foreign-going ship or Certificate of | Merit=1
Inspector Competency (Deck Officer) Class-ll or Second Class | Balochistan=1
(BPS-18) Engineer or Certificate of Competency (Second Engineer
Officer) Clasll.

5 years sea service.

Fire Fighting — Atleast 2nd Class Bachelor's Degree / Station Fire Officers | Sindh (R)
Officer Certificate course from Civil Defence Academy, Lahore /
(BPS-18) Islamabad.

(05 years experience in firefighting departments of Govt. /
Semi Govt. large Commercial Organization of repute.
Deputy Atleast 2nd Class Law Graduate and computer literate.
Manager (05 years experience as an Advocate or in registration,
(Lega finalization and execution of leases/ contracts in a
Contract) Govt/Semi Govt/large Commercial Organization of
BPS.18 repute.

Hydrographic Atleast 2nd Class Masters of Science with Physis/Math/
Officer Chemistry and computer literate with basic knowledge of
(BPS-17) Hydrographic Survey or Retired Sub Lt. of Pakistan Navy or
Technical officer of Survey of Pakistan.

3 years experience in relevant field.

Assistant Atleast 2nd Class Bachelor’ Degree in Administrative /
Manager (Hire Social Science.

Transport) 3 years experience in relevant filed in a Govt./ Semi Govt/
BPS-17 large Commercial Organization of repute.

Assistant Atleast 2nd Class Bachelor's Degree in Civil Engineering.
Manager Registered with Pakistan Engineering Council as
(Estate) Professional Engineer OR Atleast 2nd class MBA/MPA
BPS-17 3 years experience in relevant field

Assistant MBA (Marketing)

Manager 3 years experience of Cargo handling in international Port/
(Export) Shipping Company clearing & forwarding company of
BPS-17 repute.

| Assistant MBA (Marketing) / M.Com.

Manager 03 years experience of Cargo handling in International
(Imports) Port/ Shipping Company Clearing & Forwarding Company
BPS-17 of repute,

Master Ist Certificate of Competency as Ist Class of an inland |
Class mechanically propelled vessel.

(BPS-15) 5 years experience as Master 2nd Class. Preference will be
given to those candidates who have experience as ASD
Tug,

Applications onthe following prescribed form (without enclosing any copies of educational qualifications etc) along with
‘wo (02) passport size photographs and detailed CV must reach to Director (HRM), Port Casim Authority, Bin Qasim, Karachi
~75020, through TCS within 15 days from the date of publication ofthis advertisement.

Only short listed candidates wil be called for test/interview.

NoTA/DA will be allowed fortestinterview.

Relaxation in age will be considered as per rules applicable in PQA.

5% quota for minorities will be observed.

The authority reserves the right to cancel the process of hiring partially or completely.

‘The Authority reserves the rights to increase or decrease the number of post(s).

Applicants serving in Government/Semi Govemment departments or autonomous bodies are required to apply through
proper channel with NOC of their organization concerned.

Incomplete applications and those received after due date will not be considered

Applications submitted by hand will not be entertained.

The contract appointment shall be extendable for further period, subject to satisfactory performance. The appointee shall
haveno right to claim regularization against respective post(s).

Director (HRM) Ph: 021-99272167 & 99272223

APPLICATION FORM
PORT QASIM AUTHORITY
KARACHI.

Name of Post

Name of Applicant
Father's Name

Date of
NIC No.

Domicile
Address

re Address

Cell No.

Academic Qy Please click the download link near the end of

Professional} this webpage to Download This Application Form.

Relevant Exp

Name of Organization | Rank/Post Held

POA Website: www.pqa.govspk ‘i | pised
Email: secretary@pqa.gov.pk Syed Aijaz Ali Rizvi

PPRA Website: www.ppra.org.pk PID(K)1720721 Secretary

