CAREER OPPORTUNITIES

‘A leading Organization requires the services of Qualified, Energetic, Medically Fit and
Self Motivated Staff for following positions:

Sr. #| POSITION TITLE \LIFICATION & EXPERIENCE

Masters from a reputable local or foreign University /
Institute recognized by HEC with 12 years of relevant
experience in developing strategy and long term planning,
Justin time inventory planning, Supply chain
‘management, developments of contracts proficiency with

Procurement Professional public procurement rules, understanding of relevant laws,
‘and at least 5 years hands on experience of working with
PRA environment and PEC requirement. Preference shall
be given to persons with experience in purchase of
hydrocarbons especially LPG.

Shift Supervisor - DAE/ B. Tech/ B.Sc. Min 3 years relevant experience.

Terminal Karachi Computer iterate, can operate MS Office ete.

Bachelor's degree or related field with 8 years of oil and
gas experience.

Deputy Manager Sales Bachelor's degree or related eld with § years of oll and
(2Positions) ‘gas experience.

Manager Sales

Sales Force(Posions) Minimum Bachelors dere erated elit 2yeersof

Minimum Bachelor's degree with 2 years of relevant
experience.

rofesi Master of Business Administration (MBA) in Human Re-
HR Professional source Management with 5 years of relevant experience.

BE. in civil engineering. Registration with PEC essential
Civil Engineer with at least 5 years’ experience in LPG facilities including:
‘Storage tanks and Fire systems.

"CA/ACMA or MBA/ACCA with at least 8 years of

Manager Business Strategy experience.

&Planning/Industry Analyst Preference shall be given to individuals with Strategic &
Financial Risk Assessment & Planning Experience.”

"CA/ ACCA/ ACMA/ MBA Finance
‘Assistant Manager Finance Atleast 5 years of relevant experience
Oil & Gas experience will be added advantage”

“Bachelors degree in information technology, computer
science, or similar preferred.
‘Atleast 5 years of experience as an ERP specialist or ERP
ERP Specialist ‘support position with board experience.
ERP related certifications like ORACLE or SAP will be
preferred,
Experience of infor Sunsystems ERP preferred”
"Have recognized HSE trainings.
12 Safety officer BE: At least 3 years in oil & gas sector.
-DAE: At least 5 years in ol & gas sector exposure’

No TA/DA will be given. Apply in confidence within 15 days of the publication of the
advertisement.

Office Supervisor (Admin)

‘APPLY ONLINE WITH YOUR UPDATED RESUME ALONG WITH COVERING LETTER AT
HTTPS://OILANDGAS.ROZEE.PK

Please click the Apply Online link near the end of
this webpage to apply for these jobs.
