ADVERTISEMEN

Online applications are invited from suitable candidates having domicile of Khyber Pakhtunkhwva/ newly merged districts
for appointment against the following project posts on contract basis. The required qualification and experiences are
sivenagainst each postas under:

No of

Post /Designation | ‘pacts |

Required Qualification & Relevant Experience

Santi ‘MSc. in Computer Science or Management
Assistant Director |g Sciences with minimum 03 years’ experience 40
(BPs-17) Government projects
Monitoring & MAIMSe. in social or management sciences
2 | Evaluation Officer | o1 | minimum 03 years’ experienceof monitoring and | 49
(BPS-17) evaluation in Government projects.
5 ORE Aerat | BAB.Comvithninimam03yeas‘epeensein |
(BPS.16) Government projects
BSc in Computer ScieneelIT or BA with DIT
| Computer Operator |g, | (Preference willbegiventocandidateexperiencein | 45
7 (BPS-16) designing, Multimedia, Coral draw and Power Point) | >°
typing speed up to 30 wpm
5 ae 02 Intermediate having typing speed up to 30 wpm 35
3 Driver ii rate and musthaveLTV/HTV driving license | 4
(BPS-06) | preferably with 2-year experience as driver.
7 | Naib Qasid 03. | Literate and preferably with 2 year experience as | 49
(BPS-03) ° Naib Qasid
Sweeper ,
8 ony o1 Literate 40

(CONDON

(1). Candidates will be provisionally allowed to appear in the ETEA screening test. However detailed scrutiny will be
Carried out by the appointing authority and if any candidate is found ineligible in any respect at any stage of the
recruitment process, he/she willbe disqualified by the appointing authority. (2). Interview call letters willbe issued to
shortlisted candidates only. (3). Short listing willbe based on the Screening Test conducted by ETEAas well as” selection,
Criteria” duly notified in project policy of Government of Khyber Pakhtunkhva. (4). Candidates should be eligible in all,
respects by the last date of receipt of the applications. (5). Incomplete applications and applications received after due
dates will not be entertained. (6). Relaxation of age will NOT be admissible. (7). The candidates working in
Government/Semi-Government bodies should apply through proper channel. (8). Candidates intending to apply for
‘more than one post shall apply separately for each post with separate fee for ETEA test. (9). Number of vacancies can be
increased/decreased. (10). Competent Authority reserves the right to canceVteject any application with assigning
reason. (11).No TADA willeadmissiblefor tesV/Interview. (12). In case of foreign degree, equivalent certificates from
HEC must be provided. (13). Recruitment process shall be governed by the latest provisions ofthe project policy ofthe
Government of Khyber Pakhtunkhva, (14). Errors/Omissionsin numberof posts are subject to rectification,

HOW TO APPLY
(1), Interested candidates may first visit www.etea.edu.pk and apply forthe posts online, (2). After successful
submission of online application, a prescribed UBL nine deposit slip (having token number, Project code & candidates’
personal information wl be generated. (3). Take a printout of the generated UB L deposit sip & deposit the prescribed
test fee (non-refundable) in any branch of UBL Bank, UBL OMNI agent Easy paisa App or agent on that prescribed printed
deposit slip of UBL. (4). After successful fee submission please kep the original deposi slip (candidate copy) having
bank desired stamp with yourself and do not share it with anyone ese. (6). After applying online, DONNOT send
ddocuments/testimonias to ETEA offic, copes of tstimonias/documents will however, be provided bythe candidates
‘who quay the screening test, as and wien required by ETEA or the appointing authority for scrutiny purposes.
(6). Availabilty of online Application Form on www.etea.edu.pkon 13th January, 2022. (7), Last date for submission of
online Application is 318 January, 2022. (8) Candidates willbe informed through SMS by ETEA to download and Print
their Roll No. Slips from www.elea.edu.pk, (9). Candidates are directed not to give ported/converted mobile number.
(10). Test Date, Time & Venue will be mentioned on Roll No. Sip. (11). No separate Call Letter wil be issued to
Candidates for screening test through postaVourier means. (12). For posts at S.No 6 to 8 (ue. Driver, Naib Gasib and
Sweeper candidates are directed to send their applications directly to Room No. 64, 254 Floor, New Block, Planning
and Development Department, Civil Secretariat, Peshawar, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. (13). The advertisement wl be
also available on Planning and Develooment Department official website hlps:/ondkp.gov.pk.
NOTE [IMPORTANT
‘Please keep your documents and passport size scanned picture (soft copy) with you at the time of online
applications
Read te instructions thoroughly before filing the onin application form,
ETEA shal verity deposited feeat any stage Ityour paymentisnot verted, your candidature shall be ejected.
Fee deposited on someone else CNIC shal not be verified.
Unclaimed qualification il notbe accepted.
Keep the bank printed receipt safe with yourself and donot shareitwith anyonee!se,
Applications of ll those candidates who donot give correctnformation willing the ontine application form, wil
\___notoniybe rejected, but would be proceeded against and srctaction shallbe taken against them,

Please click the Apply Online link near the end of
this webpage to apply for these jobs.

