(A company set up under section 42 of the Companies Act 2017)

a National Disaster Risk Management Fund
Making Pakistan Resilient

a?
ir VACANCY ANNOUNCEMENT

National Disaster Risk Management Fund (NDAMF) is a government-owned not-for-profit
‘company, established under Section 42 of the Companies Act 2017. It provides grant financing
for projects that contribute to enhancing Pakistan's reslience to climatic and other natural
hhazards and to strengthen the governments ability to quickly respond to disasters triggered by
natural hazards,

NDRMF roquirs the services of vibrant & qualified professionals for following Islamabad-basod
postions on performance based contract

3.
No.

Position Required Qualification & Experience

(Qualification: Mastors Degree in Climate Change, Disaster
Management, Project Management, Finance, Economics, Civil
lor Environmental Engineering or related fields.
General Manager —_ |Experience: (i) Atleast 16 years of relevant work experience|
Projects & Operations |with 05 years in sonior management positions; (i) 90d|
(One position) understanding of Disaster Risk Managomont and Disaster
Risk Financing: (i) good understanding of the GoP and|
Development partners’ procedures; and’ (iv) experience in
project management.
(Qualification: Masters Degree in Climate Change, Disaster
Management, Project Management, Finance, Economics,
Givi or Environmental Engineering or related fields
Goneral Manager— | Experience: () At least 16 years of relovant work experience!
‘Quality Assurance {with 05 years in senior level management positions; (i) good
(One position) _| understanding of Disaster Risk Management and Disaster Risk|
Financing; (i) good understanding ofthe GoP and Development|
partners’ procedures; and (iv) good understanding of quality
assurance systems as well as Gender and Social Issues.
‘Qualification: Master's Degree in HA, Public Administration,
Economics or related fields.
Experience: () At last 16-year of relevant work experience|
General Manager —|with 05-year in senior-level management positions; (i) good|
‘Support Services understanding of Procurement, Administration, security|
(One position | aspects. Or (i) In case of military officers applying forthe post,
Ihe must be of the rank of a Brig/Equivalent, having qualii|
respective staff course and having minimum three years|
[corporate experience.
‘Qualification: Postgraduate Degree in Gender Studies, Socal
|Sciences, International Development or Humanitarian

Deputy Manager ~ _|(i) Technical knowledge of gender and/or women empowerment]

lapproaches; (i) Solid understanding of ‘gender issues in

[disaster risk management (ORM); (ly) Hands-on experience|

lof gender mainstreaming at institutional and program loves;

(Knowledge of principles of results-based management

(™) Good understanding of government and development|

partner policies and priorities.

|Qualification: Postgraduate Degree in Social Science, GIS

emote Sensing, Geography, Anthropology or other reiavant|

tots

Experience: (j) At least 08 Years’ experience of working

Deputy Manager - _|with state organization or development partners or INGO,

Monitoring (i) 05. Years. of professional experience in. Monitoring,

& Evaluation | Evaluation and Accountabilt. (ji) Taning in relevant field wil
(One position) _|be an asset. (¥v) Experience of project management cyci

(Wi) extensive knowiedge of resulls based -management|

lapproach, (vi) extensive facilitation and capacity buildin|

skis, (vi) experience of working with pariners and good|

[understanding of partnership and rights-based approach

(Qualification: Must possess LLB from a reputable local or

{foreign institut

Deputy Manager | Experience: () At least 08 Years of experience in drafting and|

Legal & Contracts |managing contract agreements besides handling legal maters|

(One position) _| with Public/Private projects, i) Excellent knowledge of relevant
rules and legislations of PubliciCorporate Sector and Doner|

[Agencies including Intemational Contractual best practices.

Executive Assistant | Qualification: 14-year of Education in Business Administration,

(Four positions) | Finance, Commerce or Economics.

(CEO Secretariat x 1, Experience: (i) At least 04-year relevant experience in a|

Corporate Governance |reputable and large public sector_or private. organization.

X1, Quality Assurance |(i) Strong communication skis in English (ll) Proficiency in

‘Coordinator x 1, Front |MS Office and other basic IT Softwar.

Desk Executive x1)
‘Support Staff |For Diver: For Sweeperiianitor
(Three positions) | Qualification: Maticulato, ‘Qualifeation: Under Matriculation

(SweoperJanitorx 2, Experience: Atlast05-Year__| Experience: Atleast 02-year
Driver x1) Exporince wth valid LTV Ucenso | Exparionco

‘Terms & Conditions:

()Toapply for above postions, the Minimum Age is eighteen (18) years and Maximum Age
isfy seven (57) yoars.

(i) Applicants MUST apply ONLINE using an Application Form, available at
wonwndimipk “Career Section” by entering the required credentials on the online
application form and attaching scanned copies oftheir CV, CNIC, educational & experience
cortficates, latest by 28th January, 2022 before closing of office hours Le. 1700 hours.
'No need to send hardcopy of CV and documents.

Incomplete applications and/or applications received after the closing date & time will not
bo entertained and no claim whatsoover thereo! will be acceptable.

‘Age, Qualification and Experience te., wil be counted from the date of submission
of applications. Experionce, gained ater attaining the roquired dagroe of qualification,
shall only be considered & evaluated. Any experience gained for attaining the required
ualification’degreo, shall not be considered. Also, Partstime, honorary, apprentice and
internee positions will not be consideredicounted as experience.

{Al candidates (except the positions of Support Staff) MUST have Higher Education
Commission Verified quivalont Qualifications. Foreign qualified candidates must subrnit
‘equivalence certitcate(s) from Higher Education Commission. selected candidate shall
bbe required to submit HEC Verified Degree(s) before entering into employment, upon
selection.

Candidates shall be required to produce all original documents at the time of interview.
Only shortedisted candidates shall be called for tesVinterview after comploto scrutiny
cof applications. For physical tesvInterviaw, a candidate must be fully vaccinated against
Covid-19. A certificate to this effect will be required. No TA/DA shall be admissible for test’
Interview. A face to face interaction virtually through audioivideo, may be opted therefore,
applicants are requested to ensure that they have provided updated contact details.

(vil) NDRMF offers competitive remuneration and benefits package. Actual appointment salary
will be based on NDRMF's standards and computation, taking nto account the selected
individua's qualifications and experience.

(x) Candidates already in GovernmenSemi-government Organizatior/Autonomous Bodies
& Corporations, should apply through proper channel with NOC of the respective
department issued on ils leterhead, Also, if such candidate gets selected, se shall be
‘offered the positon through contract agreement.

(®) Employment at NDRMF shall be on whole time basis and the selected candidate shall not
be allowed to directly or indirectly engage in any other business, occupation or profession
fof any kind. For the position of Deputy Manager ~ Legal & Contracts, the selected
Candidate shall also not be allowed to do any private practice.

(xi) An applicant, having any actual, perceived and/or potential personal and/or professional,
Conflict of interesconficting employment relationship, with regards to the business of
the company as well as applying at the position(s) of NORMF MUST disclose during the
application process falling which s/he may stand disqualified at any stage,

(xil) Company has zero tolerance policy about use of alcohol and drugs besides criminal
background. Candidates dismissedterminated from any organization of having criminal
record shall not be eligible.

(xl) The applications submitted by a candidate will be atthe risk and cost of the applicant.
‘Any information found bogus at any stage, during the induction or later in service, will
result in termination of the candidature or employment thereat.

(xiv) The appointment will be made subject to fulflment of all codaVlegaVadministrative
formats.

(4v) Wo are an equal opportunity employer; fomalo candidates are strongly encouraged to
apply.

(xv) The Company has the right to defer or cancel the recruitment process of any position(s),
at any stage, without assigning any reason.

HEAD OF HUMAN RESOURCES
National Disaster Risk Management Fund

sth Flor, EOBI House, Service Road South, G-10 Mauve Area, Sector G-10/4, Islamabad
Website: worw.ndrmpk Tel 051-8108900

ID () 4647/2021

Please click the Apply Online link near the end
of this webpage to apply for these jobs.

