University of Buner
Sowari,Disrtict Buner,Khyber Pakhtunkhwa
SITUATIONS VACANT

Applications are invited preferably from residents of Malakand Division on prescribed forms forthe following
posts on regular basis in the University of Buner. The Application form can be obtained from the office of |
Registrar, University of Buner, or can be downloaded fom Univesity of Buner website www.ubuner.edu.pk.

‘S# | Position, BPS & No. of Post | Qualification & Experience
T | Office Assistant (BPS-16) _ | Second class Bachelor's Degree fiom a recognized University,
No. of Pst: Seven
T | Computer Operator ‘Ar least First Class Bachelor's Degree (4 years) in Computer Science 7
(BPS-16) Information Technology or First Class Master Degree in Computer
No. ofPst: Four Science/information Technology awarded after 16 years of education from a
recognized University / Institution with atleast year relevant experience
3 | Care Taker “Master's Degre/ LLB inat least ™ division from a recognized University with
(BPS-16) 2 years relevant experience OR Bachelor's Degree in atleast 2nd Division fom
No. of Post: One recognized University wit 4 years relevant experience.
+ | Personal Assistant i. Bachelor's Degree in at least 2nd division witha speed of 100 words per
(BPS-16) minute in Shorthand and 40 words per minute in Typing and atleast 3 years
No. ofPst: One experience as Stenographer.
ii, Adequate knowledge of Computer in using MS Office.
3 [we Intermediate in at least 2°" division with 5 years satisfactory service as Junior
(BPS-14) ‘Clerk in the University, OR.
No. ofPost: Eight Matric in at east 2 division with 7 yeast satisfactory service as Junior Clerkin
the University.
© | LOC (PSI) ‘Matriculation with 2 division or equivalent qualification from a recognized
No. of Post: Twelve Board, andi. speed of 30 words pe minute in typing
7 | Sub Engineer (Electrical & | Three-year Diploma in ElectricalCivil Engineering with three years of
Civil) experience in Govt, Semi Govt, Autonomous national or multinational
(BPS-11) organizations. Higher experience with sound knowledge of computer software's
No. of Post: Two i.e Office, CAD, ec. wil be given preference,
TERMS & CONDITIONS
1. Application forms are available onthe University Website: www-ubuner edu,pk, and inthe Office ofthe Registrar,
UoB.

2, Application forms complete in ll respect along with relevant documentslexperience certificates and thre passport
size color photographs should reach the office ofthe undersigned on or before 25-01-2022, positively.

3. No document will be accepted after the deadline.

4, Application processing fee of Rs.1300/-for BPS-16, Rs.1100/- for BPS-14 and Rs.900/- for BPS-11 to be
deposited in A/C No. 0009327901179701 Habib Bank Limited, Sowari branch, Buner, in favor of University of
‘Buner.

5. Original bank receptor bank draft shouldbe attached wit the application forms.

6. Candidates applying for more than one post ned to submit separate applications and fees foreach post.

7. Candidates working in government/semi-goverament/autonomous organizations should apply through the proper
channel,

8 Contact numbers, mal, and email addresses must be provided for quick corespondence,

9. Original documents will have tobe produced at the time of interview.

10, The directions issued by the government from time to time regarding minority & disabled quota will be followed
accordingly.

11 Only shortlisted candidates will be called fr tesvinterview.

12. No TA/DA will be admissible to the candidates called for test/interview.

13, Listof eligible applicants for tesvnterview will be displayed onthe University website.

14, The Univesity reserves the right to increase, decrease, or not to fil any ofthe above posts without assigning any
reason,

15, Legal action will be taken if any ofthe submitted documents were found fake/tamper.

16. Eligibility inal respect shall be reckoned upon the closing date of advertisement.

11 Errors & Omissions (if any) are lable to subsequent rectification by the University Authorities.

18. Any information required may be sought through Email: DR/@ubuner.edu pk or phone 0939-5550138211
during office hous only.

Registrar University of Buner

Phone: 0939-555013,211 Email: DR@ubuner.edu.pk, Website: www.ubuner.edu.pk

Please click the download link near the end of this webpage
to Download Application Form for these jobs.
