UNIVERSITY OF EDUCATION, LAHORE
TRUTH, THE ULTIMATE VIRTUE

pees VACANCIES FOR PROJECT PO:

The University of Edvaton, labore was established in 2002 out of several eaig teacher talaing

intittons al acrss the Punjab. Uiversty of Eduation comprises of rne Campuses and fou urtonl

Dons tuted in are, tock, Multa, Vhari Dera hasan Faalbad an Javharabad. Cucety

‘we are in search of Project staff, to be employed “In-house University Management System (UMS)". The

ideal candidates forthe folowing postions who poses requ nouledge, experience and have intrest

andmotvationtoworkmay app.

Designation, Job Description | Qualification and Experience

and Qualification Deals

Software Engineer |» Masters or ® four years degree n Comper Sence or equlet

{on si month contact eendabe | Qualification from an institute ora university recognized by the Higher

se to be compton of he | Evan Commision

Project with Lump sum Pay Package | ji, 3 years’ post qualification experience of web application development

4 100 perme) sing PHP coe, avert, HTML, CSS and MySQL technologies ina
ceptable orgaiaton. The experience in academic sofware
development (eg student information system et willbe prefered

i. Age: 21-35 years

Web Designer Ti Mate degree or 85 four years fn Computer Scence or equvaent

icwsicron ota eedaie|_eusfeaton fom aninsttvte ora univers eogsizedty the Higher

Sie fo he coplton of the | Education Commision; and

‘Project with Lump sum Pay Package | ji, 03 years’ post qualification experience as a web designer in designing

os. 10,001: per month) web pages, forms, themes and slicing using HTML, CSS, JQuery, AJAX
and Adobe Photoshop in a reputable orarization

i.age 2-35 yes

T Mate degre or 85 (2d ora Computer ences

i. on yeas post quafeation relevant experience

li. Experience various software test techniques and skills

Age 2135

Software Quality
Assurance Engineer

(on si month contract extendable
subject tothe completion of the
Project wth Lump sum Pay Pacage
of Rs, 10000) per month)

How to Apply

1. Applicants are required to apply online through university job portal web.ue.edu.pk/jobs. The
applicants ae also required to submit signed hardcopy/printout of same presiled online application
form to the Office, University of Education, College Road Township Campus, Lahore. Fill onine
application form carefully as no editing willbe allowed after submission.

2. The applicants are required to print system generated fee chllan and deposit job application
processing fee as mentioned on challan in ay branch of Bank of Punjab.

'3._ The applicants are required to attach and submit attested copies of CNIC, domicile, all educational
ocuments/certificates, experience certificates and any other relevant documents along-with deposit
cept / deposited sytem generated fee challan (wort Rs. 2000/-] on or before the closing date,

4. Applications submitted without deposited system generated fee challan will not be entertained.
Deposited amounts non refundable/non transferable

‘5. For any Technical Assistance egarding On-Line Application Submission, please call at 042-99262218
during ofce hours.

16. Cosing date for submission of online applications is 07.01.2022(within office hours). Printed online

application form along-with all attached documents must be submitted on 10.01.2022 n person or via

courier. Incomplete applications or applications received after due date (even dispatched through
courier) wll not be accepted.

General Information

Relaxation n upper age limit may be granted to suitable candidates as per rues.

Degrees only from HEC recognized Universities/degree awarding Institutions willbe considered

Foreign degree holders must submit their equivalence certificate/s) issued by the HEC, Pakistan.

4, Candidates presently working in Government, Semi Government and Autonomous Boies must send
thelr applications through proper channel only. On-Line applications submitted without NOC /
Advance copy shall not be entertained.

5. Only shortlisted candidates wil be invited for interview. No TA/DA willbe admissible

6. The Univesity snot responsible if call letters are delayed or not received due to any lapse of Courier

Agency | Post Office /Telephonic message.

University reserves the rights to increase/decrease or totally withdraw the vacancies without

assigning any reason.
8. University reserves the rights to conduct any test / screening for the shortistng of candidates.
For Job description visit the UE website: www.ve.edu.pk. IPL-13296

Deputy Director (Management)
University of Education, College Road Township Campus, Lahore, Pakistan.
Phone: 042-99262237 Fax: 042-99262226

Please click the Apply Online link near the end
of this webpage to apply for these jobs.

