UNIVERSITY OF EDUCATION, LAHORE
TRUTH, THE ULTIMATE VIRTUE

VACANCIES FOR PROJECT POSTS

The University of Education, Lahore was established in 2002 out of several leading teachers training institutions
all across the Punjab. Currently we are in search of Project staff, to be employed for the scheme “Women
University, DG Khan”. The ideal candidates for the following positions who possess requisite knowledge,
experience and have interest and motivation to work may apply.

Posts
Engineer

(On contract basis extendable subject to the
Jcompletion of the Project with Lump sum Pay
Package of Rs. 90,000/- per month)

Qualification and Experience
B.Sc. Civil Engineering (At Least 2nd Division) from an
HEC recognized University or Institution and registered
]with PEC with 05 years’ experience in the relevant|
field in construction / renovation of the buildings.
[The maximum age limit for the position is 40 years

[Sub-Engineer
(On contract basis extendable subject to the
Jcompletion of the Project with Lump sum Pay
Package of Rs. 40,000/- per month)

[03 year Diploma in Associate Engineering (Civil) from
Ja recognized Institution with 03 years’ experience in
the relevant field in construction / renovation of the
buildings. The maximum age limit for the position is

[35 years

How to Apply
1. Applicants are required to apply online through university job portal web.ue.edu.pk/jobs. The applicants.
ate also required to submit signed hard copy/printout of same pre-filled online application form to the Office,
University of Education, College Road Township Campus, Lahore. Fill online application form carefully as no
editing will be allowed after submission.
‘The applicants are required to print system generated fee challan and deposit job application processing fee as
mentioned on challan in any branch of Bank of Punjab.
The applicants are required to attach and submit attested copies of CNIC, domicile, all educational documents/
certificates, experience certificates and any other relevant documents along with deposit receipt / deposited
system generated fee challan (worth Rs. 2000/-) on or before the closing date.
Applications submitted without deposited system generated fee challan will not be entertained. Deposited
amount is non-refundable/non-transferable.
For any Technical Assistance regarding Online Application Submission, please call at 042-99262218 during
office hours.
Closing date for submission of online applications is 14.01.2022 (within office hours). Printed online application
form along with all attached documents must be submitted on 17.01.2022 in person or via courier. Incomplete
applications or applications received after due date (even dispatched through courier) will not be accepted.

General Information

Relaxation in upper age limit may be granted to suitable candidates as per rules.
Degrees only from HEC recognized Universities/degree awarding Institutions will be considered.

Foreign degree holders must submit their equivalence certificate/(s) issued by the HEC, Pakistan.
Candidates presently working in Government, Semi-Government and Autonomous Bodies must send their
applications through proper channel only. Online applications submitted without NOC / Advance copy shall
not be entertained.

‘Only shortlisted candidates will be invited for interview. No TA/DA will be admissible.

The University is not responsible if call letters are delayed or not received due to any lapse of Courier
Agency / Post Office / Telephonic message.

University reserves the right to increase/decrease or totally withdraw the vacancies without assigning any
reason.

University reserves the right to conduct any test / screening for the shortlisting of candidates.

9. Candidates with DG Khan Domicile will be preferred

10. For Job description visit the UE website: www.ue.edu.pk.

1
2.
3,
4.

Registrar

University of Education, College Road Township Campus, Lahore,
042-99262237 Fax: 042-99262226

IPL-103

Please click the Apply Online link near the end of
this webpage to apply for these jobs.
