The individuals who fulfill the below basic-eligi

CAREER OPPORTUNITIES

One of the largest and most prestigious commercial banks having a vast nationwide network of branches is looking for dynamic and challenge-oriented professionals with
proven record of accomplishments in the area of Retail Banking

ity crit

may apply for the following positions:

Indepth knowledge of Business and Reguitone / Complianco.
Good Ranking of auait related issues.

Abily to drive process & products improvement through leading process re-onginoerng /
ew System implementation & business synergy teams.

Abiy to bul teams by managing sel and others.

‘Ability to engage Inornal& extemal customers and stokoholdors to achieve targets and
Gelvee dered rosuts,

Responsibilities

05,

requiromon's.

+ To eolaborato with Information Technology dopartment or teams in order to integrate
systems, manage dataflow to cater the 8! tool requirements.

+ Teconinvously mprove and enhance t

1 | Position’ Job | seag of Wealth Management and Affluent Segment og | Fosition/Job | anager Automation and Database
Reportingto | Head of Produce and Market Segmentation Reporingto | Head of land Anais
cational Educational?
Ezcaional! | ane Soros cos ton HE cond Unvey/nte Educational’ || nimum Bachelor's degree fom a reputable HEC recognized Univers / ints
Fretancon | sees echt ies me ct ee Professional | Candidates having Matos Bachar’ gre in Compe Selence woul be preeted.
Spence Minimum 10 year expeene of working ina Bank or invermen eompany or Fund Experience Minimum 07 year ef professional experience in a smilor
Management company as 9 product manager and’ business manager Ta GREGSRING HUSISESTG WONG OTST
7 Sound understanding of woalth management, Banca, business abitis, wealth Chemie [Ect aae eae to ereuceelen
management business and saos/ prot vers. Expertise 1 ave experience ot hancing 8 tectnologis.
1+ Expertise of product development, management and structuring Knoaleage Proficient in SQL. "a =
5 Abt tegen anonevatvay Required Proven abies to take iitative and be innovative
{At to lead change and plan for ture chalenges. Analy! mind wth a problem: solving approach
+ Anacaland potentials Ta nage Bist Sovslopren. ope ater aNd STATS,
+ Good decision making ay To dovolgp visual roprs,earhbonrés, KPI Scorecards sng els
‘otner skits | + Song conmunicaten,negetaton and prosentaton sis To understand and wandate business requvements. using the sytem resource for
Expertise’ People and paromance management si, eegeetey
Knowledge | + _ Abily to work under pressure wah ight bm frames, utine of Main Fe Nw canst: delone-qilien local Band ensilen
Requred 1 FRteney in spoken ang writen Engish and Uru Duties! a: maintain @ structed database plato for all 6! and. ana

data low and automation process.

| &_ To pertrm any furthor assignment assigned by the supervisors).

‘Manager Budgeting and Forecasting

Cutline of Main
Duties /
Responsibilities

Position Job
(rite

To devolop and execute plans fo achieve revenue, cost and partis proftabily abjocives
for the Retal Bank for Affuent Sogmont.

To implement a plan to launch and deliver the Bancassurance / Takaful and investment
businesses agains tho assigned targots.

To launch a Priority Banking Proposition and associated product set

To segment customer base, target profitable customers for upgrades, and attract Affluent
NTB customers,

To ensure compliance with guidelines provided by Sato Bank of Pakistan and concerned
regulatory authorities fr this party products,

To iniate activites n oder to maximize ales, cross ales, top ups, multi product take ups
and suppor Strategie liances.

To develop acquisiton and service channels (2, direct sas, branches, phone and mobile
{Inet banking, third party service providers).

To review and recy a Insurance / Takaful/lnvestmont Product provider relationships.

To achieve process level srvice improvemonts by leading process re-engincoring now
system implementation and business synorgy teams.

To dovelop and arrange produetvoinings for sles and service stat

To manage marketing budget wile working closaly with third partes, marketing ond
corporate. communication depariments in order to optimize advortsing and promotonal
spond

To coach, train and manage performance of direct reports to increase staff engagement
and achiove agreed objectives.

To bring about a cultural change within the operating area and in the organization in order
to prepare itto be amongst the best banks at present and in future,

To perform any further assignment assigned by the supervisors),

| Reporting to
| Educational
| Professional
| quatitication
|

Experience

| other skits

| Expertise
Knowledge

Required

‘Outline of Main
| Duties
| Responsibilities

Minimum Bachelor's dogree from HEC recognized University Instituto.
Canaiates having MBA BBA dogre0 would bo profrre.

Minimum G7 years of experience working in a bank with at least 5 years in product
erent / development 18

Sour
Experience of product launches end to and and produc management
Analytea and problem-solving sls wth desion making abi.

Good communeation,prosatation and negotiation sila.

Pope and portormanco management sil.

‘Roity to wore unr pressure wth th time fames to actiove businss targets

Abity tolaad and infuence cous functional teams

Fiuony in spoken and writen English an Ure.

Regulstery / Compliance knewiedgo. ~

To develop products and execute plans to achieve revenv, cot and parol proftabiliy
bjecues fr the Reta! Bank for Special Segments,

To launch. upgrade and manage banking propostions / product bundles for target
segments,

‘To sogment customer baso, target poftable customers, and atvac NTS customer.

To encure complanco with gudoinos prowdod by Stale Bonk of Pakistan for Bank
products boing ofores

‘Fo achieve process lvol servico improvements through partipation in process ro-
engineering ow system implementation ané business synorgy eam,

‘Fo dovolop and arrange product airings for slos and serio staf,

To manage marketing budget whle working cossly vith thrd partos, marketing and
corparate-communeation depaniments In order to optmge advertsing and premstonal
spend

$6 coach, ain and manage perfomance of divetroprts to ineroas stat! engagement
and achive agrees objectives,

Fohandl audi related issues

To work wth and lead cross-functional teams in order to achove product and process
improvements re-engineering / new system implementaton.

“erpetorn any farther ategnmant assigned by the eupenrecre)

Responsibilities

08

Reporingto | Headof Band Anis
EauzatonalT |. ynimun Bachelors degre fom HEC recogied Unrsy/ nti
Erclegtional | + candidates having MBA/ BBA ACCA or equivalent quaifeaon woud be prefered
Experience Minimum 0 9a of expenee of watng na Bank profebiy in 9 marae,
| Sean unerstanig he Busnes and suppor Telos ara roc
tne sits reat tnesing or evouaton ot tronea.
Sepertee! Sten aac ana prsetaton sls
Knowledge Encolont conmuneaton sla rien ap
Regured Siongnoweringsrainerpesorl sa
Scand tnfegeS Ofe,spectal MS Eee
Te dog an fev bugpet ana trecasng moses Banas TRAD
To sere othe fon prt tie buono or pede mates
Ts Seugr andimiemont elects budgeang potees ana proeauen,
TS ine cosay an he Dunes 988 hor sicholdon for crying out he budget
Propraen aces
+ Totary au ctl ssesmant of projects and buses
utineotain | Toreve bgt propsas routs for peor
Buses! 1 Te repaint ore Busnes group ona pee bai and aan when

require.

+ Torassist in carying out variance analysis of all Proft and Loss sheot and Balance shoct
stroams vs Budget

To propare Business Strategy documents ofthe business group.

To fermuiate the budgets and targets ofthe network and dissomination thereon,

To coorsinate with al stakeholders for a seamless budget finalization process,

“To perform any turthor assignment assignod by the euporvisors).

Cost Controller

‘understanding of general banking, dopaak products & business and prof divers.

Reporting to
“Educational
Profession:

‘Qualification

Head of 8 ang Anaiyties

‘+ Minimum Bocholor's degree from HEC recognized Univer /Instivte
{Candidates having MBA! BBA / ACCA or equivalent qualifcation wil be pro

re,

Experience

‘ther skill
Expertise
Knowledge
Required

Minimum 07 years of experience of working in a Bank, preferably in a similar ole,
‘Sound understanding of ho cost Base ofthe business:

Strong analyiea! and prosontaton els

Sound knowledge of information systems,

Very wll organize.

Strong networking and interpersonal sks

Outine of Main
Duties
Responsibilities

To evaluate ol cost intiatves ofthe Business,
To prepare cost budget of the Retal Banking Business network on the basis of product
business units and geographical cistribution

+ To keep continuous cost monitoring and tracking through regular trackers and analysis.

2 To tack cost streams in comparison to the Budgets and forecasts, and proactive
highightng of possible overruns and suggesting and implementing pre-emptive measures
thereon,

+ To analyze the individual cost driver ofthe business and present the insights / determine
action plans and svategies fr cost offcincies.

+ To perform detailed tracking, provide insights into the cost base at the branch and rogional
level and suggest moasures fer optimizing the cost numbers,

To carryout ertical assessments of al coat projections and budgets,

To develop and implement proactive solutions and cost-cutting measures with timelines

To edueato and porsuade stakeholders on cost efficiency iia / moasures,

To work elosaly wth all stakeholders to achiove the businoss and job objectives.

To perform any furthor assignment assigned by the supervisors).

1 Excelent eommunicaton eile, weiten and ora

o7

Assistant Manager ~ MIS Production

Outline of Main
Duties /
Responsibilities

Strong networking and interpersonal sks
Sound knowledge of MS Offic, specially MS Exe
To. perform dotaiod analysis of product porformance and contribute tough
Fecemmensations for improving proftabilty and achieving businoss targets.

‘To conduct detaied analysis on branch network and devise strategies to enhance
atfcioney and productivity.

To perform business intaligence through data analysis, conduct customer study and
Idontity market ends,

To perform in-depth analyss of revenue lines, highlighting gaps and opportunites

To perform customer level analysis on demographis, psyehographics and banking trends
to suggest improvements in product and serio proposition

To deploy sales campaign based on events, cxeumstances and opportunites

To perform detalled branch lovel analysis to assoss porformance on histore growth trends
and contibute through recommendations on optmiang productivity and proftabiiy,

‘To analyze customers for now Bank accounts and take necessary measures to increase
the run rate of now Bank accounts,

To establish intuitive reporting methodologies, perform ad-hoe market analysis as required
to suppot strategy and analyze performance,

To suppor in the budget forecast process by formulating the business projectons in close
coordination sith the Business teams.

To pertorm any futhor assignment assigned by the supervisors).

Outline of Main
Duties
Responsibilities

TES Reportingte | Managor~ Dota Analyes/ MIS
as | Posi Manager Products and Network Analytics .

To ii ~ Eaucational7 || \inmum Bachelors cegree fom HEC recoaniged Unvrsy/ inst.

Reportingto | Head of land Analytics Professional |. Canadates having MBA’ BBA ACCA or equivalent qalton vile pre

Peper ‘+ Minimum Bachelor's degree trom HEC recognized University / Institut. Experience Minimum 04 years of MIS working experionce, preferably in a Bank

Brotessional |. _Canddates having MBA/ BBA ACCA or equvalentqaifction would be prefered + Seng data analysand modeling S5Te

inimum G7 years of exprenco of working in a Bank, preferably ina smar role wth MIS ‘omer skits/ |" Understanding of MIS requirements oth business
Experience = i ¥ * Expertise + Sound knowledge of information systoms.
ae Knowledge | _Undorstansing of data warehouse design and dota mining
{,_ S2und understanding ofthe busines ands support functions and processes. Required 2 Copaity © werk on ight aeadines and deliver quality opis

Qtherskits? —|7 Creal winking forevalstonotmoncals, 4 _ Sound krowtedge of MS Ofc, specially MS Excl

gewinel |! Stem cheO as messes To manage repeng frovah tain on Seng TARA, SADNESS

Required 5 [Exeatont comuicalic site, ton ai ol + To assis in process of collating and analyzing data, and in developing now data analysis

processes to support overall performance of the business.

+ To.assistin idontteaton of rolevant KPIs and assist in the structuring, gathering, analyzing
and prosentation of data for business porformanco enhancement,

+ Toassist the various units within the business by devising and sharing thir relevant MIS in
an ofcont manner.

+ To assistin preparation of Business KPI Scorecards on a detailed lave for al geographies
unis

+ Torprepare branch and regional proftabity analysis

{To provide support in the budget process through sharing relevant information cuts and
histone trends,

+ Tofu all adhoc reporting requirements (internal external) of the business.

‘+ To porto any further assignment assigned by the supervisors)

‘Assess ment Test/
Interview (=)

Employment Type

be imited forest and / or pana! intervie),
} The employment wil be on contraciual basis fer three yeare which may be renewed on
discretion ofthe Management Selected candidates wil be offered compensation p

_package and other benefits as por Bank's Policy / ues.

Place of Posting

‘All postions are Karachi based,

Interested candidates may visit the website www.sidathyder.com.pk/careers and apply on-line within 10 days from the date of publication of this advertisement

as per given instructions.

Application received after due date will not be considered in any case. No TA/ DA will be admissible for interview.
(We are an equal opportunity employer)

PID (K) 1760/2021

Women, Minorities and Differently-abled Persons are encouraged to apply

i]

Please click the Apply Online link near the end of
this webpage to apply for these jobs.

