SITUATIONS VACAN

‘Applicaton ae inited rom Pakistani Nationals to fill up the under mentioned vacancies inthe Federal Ombudsman Secretariat fr Protection
Against Harassment (FOSPAH), Islamabad on Regular Basis,
Wo. of Age 7
No. Name ofPostanaeps | fae | station | su Stas Qualification Experience
Assistant Director (Admn) 7 139 | i Second Class oF Grade “C* Bachelor's Degree
© | (ePs-t6) G1 | Wammed=o1 | 2290 ‘fom any recognized University.
Assistant Director (7) . ap |i Second Cass or Grade °C Bachelor's Degree
2. | @ps.t6) O1 | Islamabed—01 | 22:30 from any recognized University.
iL Second Glass or Grade “B.Com! IBBA/ BCS
ffom a Univesity recognized by the Higher
Education Commission, and
iL Final Examination of Associaton of
Accounting Technicians of Pakistan (AAT); or
a, | Assistant Accounts onicer(®AO) | 0 | iamatad-o1 | 2220 | tk Foundation Examinaton of Insite of
(@PS-16) Charted Accounts of Pakistan (CAP) OR
2nd Class. or grade °C’ Masters Degee in
Commerce! Business Administration! Finance!
‘Accounts from a University recognized by the
Higher Education Commission,
Assistant Registrar | iL Second Glass or Grade“ Bachelor's Degree
4 | (eps-16) OF | Islamabad — 01 4.2290 from any recognized University in Law.
INSTRUCTION:

1. The candidates fuffiling above conditions may send theirapplcations through below mentioned testing service
Candidates already working in the Government Organizations! Departments must apply through proper channel.
No TADA will be admissible for testinterview.

Incomplete applications and those received after due date will nt be entertained,

Five (05) years general age relaxation is applicable. Further age relaxation will be given as per Government rules.
In case of any query please contact Coordination Officer, Ph: 051-9262952

HOW TO APPLY:

Please, Download the Application Form alongwith the prescribed Test Fee Deposit Slip from STS website, (www.sts.org.pk).
‘Application Forms impropertyfiled-up, in-complete, without paid copy of deposit slip willbe rejected.

Please submit your test fees through prescribed deposi sip on any online branch of designated bank.

Applications submitted by hand will NOT BE ENTERTAINED.

STS is not responsible forthe late receipt of applications sent through post or by any courier service.

Applications must be submitted within 15 days of publication of this advertisement.

Please do not attach orginal documents only attested photocopy of educational certificate, CNIC, Domicile and PRC, & four
passport size photographs are required withthe application forms at ths stage.

‘The candidates may also apply online at National Jobs Portal (NUP)https://njp.aov.pk

‘The candidates applying through National Jobs Portal (NJP), wil have to submit testing fee of the testing service through
prescribed deposit slip from the testing service website: www.sts.org.pk after receiving email! sms from the testing service.

be/esppdld

Please click the download link near the end of this webpage to
Download Application Form for these jobs.
