‘ 3) GUJRANWALA ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY

CAREER OPPORTUNITIES

Gujranwala Electric Power Company (GEPCO), a leading electric utility Company, endeavoring
to provide uninterrupted electric supply to more than 3.9 million valued consumers with more than 17000
employees. Applications are invited through M/S National Testing Service (NTS) for appointment against
following posts in GEPCO on lump sum pay package.

The requisite qualification / experience and other conditions are given as under:

Age
alee || eesyenn equmstiucnon | foie
ates,
teeta [Opener tadnecing Ceocein taion| seer
Punjab (Open) (atleast 60% marks) from a
‘Sindh Rural (Open)
Sirah Rural {omer
‘Sindh Urban (Open)
Shah urea omen)
rex nen
‘PK (Women)
ie
fre Spee Na waa +a enone] BE
forse
oso Sener aT

GRAND TOTAL: 185

Applicants are advised to read the following instructions carefully before filing the relevant prescribed
application form available on the M/S National Testing Service (NTS) website i.e. www.nts.or9.pk.

;TRUCTIONS & GENERAL COND! IN:

1) In-House induction quota for GEPCO employees having prescribed qualification and criteria meant for
direct induction, subject to the condition that they will appear in induction examination for the post.

2) General age relaxation has already been included in the age mentioned against each category. No
further age relaxation is allowed in the prescribed age limit except for candidates belonging to
scheduled, castes and Buddhists are allowed 3 years relaxation. Upper age limit Is relaxable upto a
‘maximum of 10 years of disabled persons for appointment to posts in Sr. 02 & 03.

3) Government Servants / WAPDA / DISCOs employees who have completed two years continuous
Government / WAPDA / DISCOs service on the closing date for receipt of applications, age limit is
permissible upto 43-years for posts of Junior Engineer (Electrical) (Sr. 01) and 40-years for the posts of
Line Superintendent (Grade-tI) & $SO-!I (Sr. 02 & 03).

44) All quotas (where applicable) will be observed as per GEPCO policy.

5) Candidates who don’t have PEC Registration are not eligible to apply (where applicable)

6) Only qualified / eligible candidates will be allowed to appear in Written Test. Only shortlisted
candidates falling within merit as per the provisions of applicable Recruitment Policy, wil be called for
Interview.

7) Candidates will be recruited / appointed on lump sum pay package initially for a period of three (03)
‘years extendable on satisfactory performance.

8) Candidates who are applying for the post of Line Superintendent (Grade-t) & SSO-II (Sr. 02 & 03) shall
bbe eligible to apply having domicile of Guicanwola, Hafizabad, Guirat, Mandi Bahauddin, Sialkot &
‘Marowal districts only.

9) Recruitment will be carried out through M/S National Testing Service (NTS) for the sake of
transparency and fair play as per criteria.

10) Computer knowledge (including MS Office, Windows, Internet & E-mail etc.) is compulsory.

411) Serving candidates who are in Government Service, are advised to apply through proper channel.
Candidates will have to provide departmental No Objection Certificate (NOC) clearly mentioning the
date of appointment and nature of employment ie. Regular, Contract etc. at the time of interview.

12) Only shortlisted candidates will be called for test / interview.

13) Candidates, if selected, will be required to perform duties within the jurisdiction of GEPCO.

14) No TA/DA will be admissible to candidates for Test or Interview.

15) Candidates applying against Disabled Quota must attach Disability Certificate from Assessment Board
{for Disabled persons from City / District Council for rehabilitation of Disabled persons.

16) Candidates awaiting their result are not eligible to apply.

17) Incomplete applications or applications containing incorrect information or received after due date
shall not be entertained.

18) _ Late submission of applications by courier service will have no binding upon GEPCO and M/S National
Testing Service (NTS).

19) Original documents along with one set of attested photocopies must be presented by the candidate at
the time of interview/joining of service.

20) Candidates may contact M/S National Testing Service (NTS) for any query/enquity regarding written
test, display provisional & final list of candidates, Roll No. slips, test centers, results ete

21) GEPCO reserves the right to withhold / cancel the whole recruitment process or of any post at any
stage without assigning any reason.

22) Concealment or mis-representation of facts at any stage will lead to disqualification of a candidate
from the current recruitment and from all types of tests/exams to be conducted by the GEPCO for
recruitments in futur.

23) GEPCO reserves the right to decrease the number of posts and cancel the whole recruitment process
at any stage without assigning any reason.

24) Mobile phone will not allowed in test center promises.

25) Dismissed / screened out employees of any organization or having criminal record are not eligible for
employment in GEPCO. The clearance of the character and antecedents of the candidates from the
agencies/police shall be mandatory without which no candidate shal be selected.

26) Any litigation pertaining to recruitment tests conducted by the M/S NTS will be dealt by M/S NTS at its
‘own without any liability whatsoever on GEPCO.

IHOW TO APPLY|

2) Applicants are advised to apply directly on the NTS website (www.nts.org.pk).

2) Neither by hand applications will be received at GEPCO nor at NTS.

3) Test fee of Rs. 270/- for the posts of Junior Engineer (Electrical) (Sr. 01) and Rs. 200/- for the posts of
Line Superintendent (Grade-tl) & S0-II (Sr. 02 & 03) is required to be deposited by the candidate before
the closing date of publication of this advertisement on electronic payment challan generated after
online registration.

4) Test fee shall be paid at Unk 16ill Participating Banks/ATM/Internet  Banking/Mobile
Banking/Easypaisa/iazz Cash/TCS Express Counters.

5) Roll Number Slip shall be uploaded on NTS website at least one week before the test date and
candidates shall be informed through SMS as well

6) Roll No. Slip containing the information regarding test center, timings and test date shall be sent
directly to candidates by M/S NTS at least one (03) week before the test on the given postal address &
mobile number provided by the candidates.

7) The candidates are advised to contact the M/S NTS 051-8444441 OR email at query@nts.org.pk for any
query / information related to Written Test, display of provisional and final list of candidates, Roll
number slips, Test centers, Results etc.

8) The Online Application Portal shall be removed from the website at 11:59:59 p.m. on the closing date
20-01-2022 for the receipt of applications.

9) No application shall be entertained at GEPCO Headquarter, therefore, candidates are advised to send
their complete prescribed application form directly to M/S NTS.

10) Separate application form will be submitted if candidate is applying against more than one post / quota.

411) Please keep visiting NTS website regularly for test schedule, updates and results.

Hican: fe
1. Only children of GEPCO's Employees will be considered against Employee's Children Quota. Only those
candidates who will apply on M/S NTS website through portal will be considered for induction / short-
isting under 20% Employee's Children Quota.
2. Children of those GEPCO employees who have died after retirement, reticed and serving are el
apply.
3. Candidates applying under 20% employee Children Quota must ensure the following:
2, To provide all relevant documents mentioned in the Online Application Portal available on M/S
NTS website
'b. They must also provide an Affidavit (on Non-judicial Stamp paper) to the effect that none of their
brothers / sisters or Widow Mother is employed in GEPCO against Employees Children Quota and
that the candidate is the real son of deceased/retired/serving employee. Applications of
‘employee's children whose proforma have not been signed by the concerned XEN / SE, will not be
entertained at the time of interview.
Those applicants who have applied under Direct / 20% Employees Children Quota in the past to
any GEPCO office should submit fresh application form as per above instructions.

WARNING:
Candidates are advised that nobody can help you to favour in the selection process, so do not make
any contact to any such person who claims that he/she can make your selection possible. GEPCO’s
selection process is transparent according to applicable Recruitment Policy and approved rules and
regulations, so nobody can help any candidate. In this matter, if any suspicious person makes any
contact with you, please inform to GEPCO Management immediately.

GENERAL (HR & |

PIDL-41979

Please click the Apply Online link near the end of
this webpage to apply for these jobs.

