© SITUATION VACANT
S24 Hiring of Services of Project Incremental Staff

Applications are invited from qualified and experienced individuals for the recruitment of Project incremental Staff
purely on temporary basis initially for a period of one (1) year extendable on satisfactory performance; as per the
lay down Development Project policies /rules notified vide No. SOR-VWE&AD/'-25/2007 dated 2nd July, 2008 and
‘amendments notified vide No. SO(Policy)/E&AD/1-25/2017 dated 6/12/2017 for Establishment / Recruitment of

Project Stat.
1. COORDINATOR

No.ofPosts: One

UpperAgeLimit: 65

Qualifications: M.Se/BSc(Hons):Agriculture
Experience: Atleast 20 years regular servicein
Agriculture Extension. Having vast experience in
running leading development projects. Have worked on
leading positions of project management, Policy
making, formulation of Project. Has had equipped with
foreign training in atleast two disciplines / countries and
10 domestic training. Should have worked as HAD for
atleast 1% year. Should have worked on ICT based
projecthavingleading position.

3. MONITORING OFFICER

No.ofPosts: 4 (2 Green Sector, 1 Livestock,
1 Infrastructure)

6sY

MSc/BSc(Hons) Agriculture /
DVM / MSc / BSc Agriculture
Engineering

Experience: Atleast 10 years regular service in
relevant field Having vast experience in monitoring
development projects. Ex-Officers of the relevant
Departments i.e, 02 No from Agriculture (Extension or
Research), 01 From Livestock (Research or
Extension), 01 From Infrastructure (On-Farm Water

Upper Age Limit:
Qualifications:

Management J Soil & Water Conservation / Agriculture
Engineering).

Will directly report to the Deputy Coordinator PMU.

Will monitor the activities of the projects through
random visitsin the field.

Will ensure timely uploading of data on ICT based
system regarding the plans and activities.

Will coordinate with the District Heads (relevant
Departments) regarding the activities ofthe field staff
Will submit reports and presentations as per spirit of the
project.

Will perform any other task assigned by the coordinator.
Pay Packag Negotiable

4. DRIVERS
No.of Posts:
Domicite:
Upper Age Limit:
Qualifications:

PayPackage: Negotiable
2. DEPUTY COORDINATOR

No.ofPosts: 3 (1 Green Sector, 1 Livestock,
1 Infrastructure)

65Y

M.Sc / BSc (Hons): Agriculture /
Master in Vet. Medicine / BSc or
MScAgric. Engineering.
Experience: Atleast 12years regular service in
relevant field Having vast experience in running leading
development projects. Ex-officer of relevant
department i.e. Dy: Coordinator (Green) should be an
ex-officer from Agriculture wing (Extension or
Research), Dy: Coordinator (Livestock) should be Ex-
officer from Livestock Department (Extension or

Upper Age Limit:
Qualifications:

Eight
Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (Peshawar)
30

Literate Preferably Matric; HTV /
LTV Driving License Holders

Experience: Atleast7 years driving experience
preferably staff car driving,

PayPackage: Rs. 20,000/-p,m

Research) and Dy: Director (Infrastructure) should be
an ex-officer from (On-Farm Water Management / Soil
& Water Conservation / Agriculture Engineering);
Officer of good fame; Computer iterate.

May have capabilty(s) o provide strategic guidelines to
coordinator / Secretary Agriculture on crops related
sectors.

Capability to supervise the monitoring officers.
Capable to ensure and supervise the monitoring visits
ofhis /her team. Have to give reports / presentations of
theirrelevantdepartmentsto Secretary Agriculture.
Should capable to perform any assigned tasks as per
directives of Coordinator.
PayPackage: Negotiable
GENERAL TERMS & CONDITIONS
1. After scrutiny of documents of the intending candidates, only eligible candidates fulfiling the criteria will be
shortlisted for interviews. Shoristing willbe done strctlyin accordance with the Projactpolicies.
2. Interview calls willbe issued only tothe shortisted candidates.
3. Conditional applications or those received after deadline shall notbe entertained.
4, Candidates serving in government departments semi government bodies should submit their applications
through proper channel
5. Candidates intending to apply for more than one post shalll apply separately for each post.
No TADA shall be admissible forinterviews.
Signed applications accompanied with updated CVs / Resumes, copy of CNIC Educational Certificates,
Experience Certificates, Training / Courses Certificates and 02 Passport size Photograph mustbe submitted
atthe given address before the closing date of applications.
‘Applications should clearly state the name of post which the applicant intends to apply, postal address and
contactnumber enabling PMU to inform the applicant about the interview, iffound suitable.
Candidates giving fake documents or misleading information willresultin cancellation ofthe application
10. The Employerreserves the rights to accept or reject any application by providing grounds of he rejection.
41. Allpositions are project-based and therefore should not be considered as regular or permanent,
12. Allthe genders willbe given an equal opportunity of employment purely on merit.
Note: Last date for submission of applications is January 24, 2022; whereas shortlisting will be
announced on January 28, 2022, Call etters will be isued on 3rd day of February, 2022.
DIRECTOR GENERAL AGRICULTURE EXTENSION
KHYBER PAKHTUNKHWA, PESHAWAR

INF(P)41/2021
