Advertisement No. 1

giz =: Vacancy Announcement

Refugee Management Support Programme (RMSP)

‘As a federal enterprise, the Deutsche Gesellschaft fur Internationale Zusammenarbeit
(Giz) GmbH supports the German Government in achieving its objectives in the field of
international cooperation for sustainable development.”

Since 2009, the German Federal Foreign Office (AA) is bilaterally supporting the
programme, which is supporting the Solutions Strategy for Afghan Refugees (SSAR). The
Refugee Management Support Programme (RMSP) on behalf of GIZ aims to contribute to
the SSAR by implementing projects in the refugee hosting communities and enhancing
the management capacity of the Ministry of SAFRON, the CCAR and CARs on refugee
matters. In this context, GIZ is looking for professionals for:

Job title: Technical Advisor Sustainability (Reference No. RMSP 2021/012)
Duty Station: Karachi

Qualifications and Experience:

‘+ Master's degree in economics, business administration or similar area

+ At least 3 years’ professional experience of managing economic development
projects/program

Job title: Technical Advisor Urban Cohesion Hub (UCH) (Reference No. RMSP
2021/013)

Duty Station: Quetta
ications and Experience:
‘+ Master's degree in Social Sciences, Rural Development, or similar area

‘At least 3 years’ professional experience with Afghan refugees preferably in urban
areas, youth empowerment including monitoring & evaluation and outreach

Job title: Technical Advisor Urban Cohesion Hub (UCH) (Reference No. RMSP
2021/014)

Duty Station: Karachi

Qualifications and Experience:

* Master's degree in Social Sciences, Rural Development, or similar area

‘= At least 3 years’ professional experience with Afghan refugees preferably in urban
areas, youth empowerment including monitoring & evaluation and outreach

Job title: Junior Administration & Procurement Officer (RMSP 2021/015)

Duty Station: Islamabad

Qualifications and Experience:

* Bachelors’ or Masters’ degree in business administration, finance, or similar area

'* Initial experience in the area of work

Please refer to https://www.giz-jobs.com/pakistan/ for the detailed job description as

only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. Female candidates are strongly encour-

aged to apply for the positions.

Advertisement No. 2

giz= : Vacancy Announcement

Afghanistan Assisted Relocation (AAR)

‘As a federal enterprise, the Deutsche Geselischaft fur Internationale Zusammenarbeit
(Gi2) GmbH supports the German Government in achieving its objectives in the field of
international cooperation for sustainable development.”

GIZ has been requested by the German Federal Foreign Office (represented by the Embas-
sy of Germany Islamabad) to support the German Government in its efforts to assist
foreign nationals, who are transiting via Pakistan, in their resettlement to Germany. In this
context, GIZ is looking for professionals for the following positions for its Islamabad
Office:

* Graduation in Finance / Accounting and auditing or similar area

+ Atleast 1 years’ professional experience in a comparable position

Job title: Embassy Logistics Support / Logistics Assistant (Reference No. AAR
2021/002)

Qualifications and Experience:

Allott Aor erent

* Atleast 2 years’ professional experience in a comparable position

Job title: Airport-Border Officer / Administration Assistant (Reference No. AAR

2021/003)
Qualifications and Experience:

* Atleast BA or equivalent

+ Atleast 2 years’ professional experience in a comparable position
‘Qualifications and Experience:

* Atleast BA or equivalent

Job title: Accommodation Coordinator-Logistics Officer (Reference No. AAR 2021/005)

Qualifications and Experience:

+ Atleast 3 years’ professional experience in a comparable position
Qualifications and Experience:

@ BAM acon eh aang oa ra

Job title: Sr. Finance, Admin, Logistics Manager / Senior Admi

Officer (Reference No. AAR 2021/07)
Qualifications and Experience:
‘+ Master's degree in Business Administration or Finance or similar area

+ Atleast 5 years’ professional experience in a comparable position with management
experience

Applications:

Please refer to https://www.giz-jobs.com/pakistan/ for the detailed job description as
well as for application submission, which is latest by 14% January 2022. Kindly note,
only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. Female candidates are strongly encour-
aged to apply for the positions.

Please click the Apply Online link near the end of
this webpage to apply for these jobs.

