eS :hibfe-com.pk.
hdfc ”

HOUSE BUILDING FINANCE COMPANY LIMITED

House Building Finance Company Limited (BFC) specializes in one of the fastest growing segments of the
economy, Le. housing finance, As the oldest housing finance institutions in Pakistan, HBEC enjoys a unique and
dominant position. We are looking to hire exceptional and talented professionals forthe following positions”.

Qualification: ACMA, ACCA, CA, Masters / Bachelors degree (16 years of equivalent education) in Finance,
Accounting. Commerce or related eld from HBC recognized institution. Candidates holding CUA certifiation will

Qualification: ACMA, ACA, Masters / Bachelors degree (16 years of equivalent education) in Business

‘Administration, Finance, aim Commerce or related feld from HEC a Institution.

Qualification: ACA. ACMA, Masters /Bachelors degree (16 years of equivalent education) In Business
‘Administration, Actuarial Sciences, Data Science or Econometrics from HEC recognized institution.

Qualification: Masters / Bachelors degree (16 years of equivalent education) In Computer Science/Computer

Qualification: CMA, ACA, Masters / Bachelors degree (16 Years of equivalent education) in Business
Administration, Finance, Accounting, Commerce, Economics of related feid from WEC recognized institution.

Qualification: CMA, ACA, Masters / Bachelors degree (16 years of equivalent education) in Finance, Accounting,
Commerce or related feld fromm HEC recognized institution.

Relevant Experience (win)
rere Lid oe] {Post Qualification)
Manager years 05 years

“Tasistant Manager (Sr) 40 years. (03 years

‘Assistant Manager (Sr.7 & 8) 40years. 2 years

Market-based compensation package commensurate with qualification and experience will be offered to the
selected candidates.

terested candidates meeting the given eligibiliy criteria are required to submit online application at

semwhblccompk,
BPC is an Equal Opportunity Employer (Female candidates are strongly encouraged to apply). As an
‘organization that supports gender diversity, we provide facility of Day Care” at our Head Ofice.

Note:

‘+ For Job descriptions and competencies of above positions, please vise HBFC website

Application

Jeadline is January 09,

(Only shor. candidates wil be colle for interview. lacomplete or applications received after the last date wil not be
‘emertained.
‘Misinformation and/or any otter to influence the selection process willbe considered a definite disqualification ot any stage
of the proces for current os well s for al future recritmens in BFC even if the candidate i otherwise quolifed,

Head Office: 3rd Floor, Block-C, Finance & Trade Center, Shahrah-e-Faisal, Karachi - 74400, Pakistan,
Tel 64171

"These are contractual postions which are likely to be regularized based on Company Policy. ‘Homie

Please click the Apply Online link near the end of
this webpage to apply for these jobs.
