SHAHEED BENAZIR BHUTTO
University of Veterinary and Animal Sciences Sakrand.

| APPLICATIONS INVITED |

‘Shaheed Bena Bhuto Unversity of Veta and Animal Sciences, Salrandis publ sector university. recopized and approved
by Higher Edveaton Conmasn HEC) of Patan Agpatons are ved on presoroeaPerfoa. rom Pakistan National fo he
‘Stony facaty postions purely en CONTRACT BASIS fra peed of one year xtedabe for one oF more years subject

satstecin perfomance

Faculty Positions

Ea Name of Post
OF | Lecturer
(FixPay of Rs. 70,001 per month)
Subjects:

Informaton Technolgy, Fisheses & Aquacuture, Wide &
Ecology, Forestry, Biochemistry, Biotechnology, Food Sciences
4 Teemology, Pak Stutes, Busines Adminsvaton

Required Guaifieaton / Experience
Fist Cass MS / MPhil Equivalent degree
‘ard ater 18 years education inthe

‘elovant eld rom HEC recogized University /
Insitute with noe Dison nthe Academic

cares,

GE Resoarch Teaching Assistant
(Foc Pay of Rs. 80,001 per month)

Subjects:

Fist Gass Nasiers Equvalon gree
‘warded ato 1 years education inthe
selovant ld rom HEC recogrized University /

Inettute with no 3rd Divion nthe Academic
‘career.

Informaton Technology, Fisheries & Aquacuture, Wide. &

Ecology, Forestry, Biochem, Bictechnoloy, Food Sciences

4 Teemology, Pak Stuties, Business Adminsvaton
“The application foms can be dowrioaded fom the University websle- wa sbbavas edu pk and may be sabited 0
Decor HR at Shaheed Benaze Shuto Unversiy of Veletnary & Animal Scences,Salvand duing the ofice Rous on
\werking days along wth Pay oder oc Bank Demand Ort of RS. 3000 in favor fhe Shaheed Benazs Bhutto Unversity |
Vetesnary and Animal Sciences Sakrand’ rom the date of publication ti 2th Janvary 2022
‘TERMS AND CONDITIONS
1. The appicatons alongwith the CV, Copy of CNIC, Domicile, PRC, Academic and other carifcates forthe posts on
reserved appicaton form shall reach the Ofie ofthe Director HR, Shaheed Benaze Bhutto Universi of Veterinary Ania
‘Sciences Satrand on or before 24th January 2022
2.Ony shorted caniates willbe called fr testinterview No TDA wil be allowed for appearing in wien esinerew]
53 Incomplete and applatons recived ate de date wl not be entertained
“4. Female canddats are encouraged o 2p,
5. Candidates who ar aleady in serve may apply trough proper channel and submit NOC otherwise the aplication wi net
be entered, and selected candidates wil be responsible fr geting releved propery from ther especve department afer
soieton
6 Candidates apping foc more than one post shall submit a comet and separate appicaton in alrespect with necessary
osuments ana bank af
7 The University resees the rights to increas o decrease the numberof postions, wihdraw or wtiol the appointment
‘against any advertised positon, empty any psion partly as a whe, to acceptejct any application wthout assigning any
aso at ary sage.
8. Hing any facts ad providing misnfrmaton may lead to termination even fer salacion of candidate at any sage
9.Age mt wl be as per Sindh Goverment Rules and Higher Esveaton Commision enter
10. SBBUVAS, Salvand reserves the rghts to cancel or amend the advertsement
1. Obtaining highest marks in witn tet doesnot cone night othe candidate fr selection however al slat shall
be decid by the Selection Boars
12 The decision ofthe University sal remain binding in al cases.
13. The futher processing onthe application wil be subjected tothe approval of Competent Authorty tat is Chief Minister
Siedh ‘ALL RAZA SHAH

DIRECTOR HR 208]

Please click the download link near the end of this webpage
to Download Application Form for these jobs.

