KARACHI PORT TRUST
‘A Great Heritage — A Vibrant Future

POSITIONS VACANT

ge | Reaional?
Qualification & Experience | ({9, | Provincial
uote

No. of
Post{s)

(Master Mariner (Forelgn-going
Ships} duly endorsed under
STCW Convention 1995 with
al least 03 years command
experience on board sea-going
yossols and 05 yaars us Mate /
Chiat Officer

(Master Matinee (Forsign-golng
Ships) duly endorsed under
STCW Convention 1995 wit
10 years experience on board
Sea-oing vessels Cut of which al
(eas! 03 years as Mastor Mariner

Valid. First it Corel
treed | Dinsel
oosre) une STOW
cant 1995 wiih § years
walch Weeping and maintenance
‘of diasel enigines experiance
‘on board Marina Grats aller
‘acquiring of 1st Class Cortical
‘of Competency of 5 years with
reputable marine workshop
Valid Clase Deck Cartiicall
ct Compatency of Chiat Mate
Ps 18) duly endotsod under, STOW)
orvention 1995 wity'09 years
experience of Salling on ‘board
forelgt going ships as Nate

Department

Assistant
2b Mate Cariicate at
ord ‘Competency or equivalent with ab
fa Jeail 03 years experiance as 2nd
ae on board sea-going vessels,

Department
Priel MOT Clase with valid Certicala
ees) ‘al Competency ily endorsed

Port under STCW Comeuntion 1995
Deoatitend ‘with 2 years relevant experience

NOTE:
. Gieneval age relaxation of S years is already clubbed.
. Allowance as admissible under KPT Flules
|. Age rolaccation to other catagories as por Government insttuctions will
‘also be applicable:

| All posts are on contract for a period of 3 years (extendable)

J. 10% tar women, 5% for minorities and 2% for disabled persons will
be observed Cangiidaies for disabled quota shall have to submit
registration certitate (@s disabled citizen) granted by Federal /
Provincial Government

|. Government servants. shall be required to produce NOC-and apply
through proper channel,

|. Incomplete application (withoul CNIC, Educational documents, Donticies
Expettence certicates, Pay Ordar & NOC atc) will not be entertained,

|. Applications received after due date will not be entertained.

. Envelope to be marked with the name of post.

X Application form is available on Karachi Port Trust (KFT) website:
wwwkplgovink download the application form and send your
aplication duly tiled-in by mall of counter along with detailed bio-data
/-CV and attested photocopies of testimonials / documents in support
‘of qualification, post-quatification experience, date of birth, one recent
fassport size photograph, one capy of CNIC and Ais, 100\- Pay Order
(non-refundable) In favour of Chief Accounts Oticss, so as to reach
within 15 days of pubjicalion of this advertisement to ‘Manager
(Human Resource), Karach! Port Trust, KPT Head Office Bullding,
Eduljee Dinshaw Road, Karachl-74000°

2X1. No TAYDA shall be paid for test / interview, Canvassing will disqualify,
Xi. For further information snd cont:

Managor (Human Resource)
021-99214937 / 021-99214530-40 (Ext: 2988)
Visit our website www.Kpl.gov, pk &

Please click the download link near the end of this webpage to
Download Application Form for these jobs.
