No.1-1/2021-DS (Admn)
Government of Pakistan

Ministry of Federal Education &

Professional Training
National Rahmatul-lil-Aalameen Authority

SITUATION VACAN

Applications are invited from suitable candidates (male/female) for recruitment in the National Rahmatul-
‘Aalameen Authority (NRA) under the Ministry of Federal Education & Professional Training against the
following temporary (Fixed Pay) position(s) intially for a period of one year:~

S# Title No. of ualifcation & Experience
post(s)

1)_| Coordinator (02 | Bachelors degree in fields of Ar, Design, Advertising Fashion Design etc. Relevant

(Galary range as per ‘experience of job coordination, job workflow handing ofthe creative process with

‘market norms) adequate knowledge of Audio, Video, Design, Printing, Event Management

Minimum 2 years of experience in TV Channel and a minimum of2 year experience
in Design House, Advertising Agency. Must aso possess sof skis of copy wing,
‘idea generation and event planning. Must be proficient in MS Xcel and MS Word.
Must be available to work long hours and relocate and! or work remotely.

2 | 20 Composting 02 | Preferably with a diploma from any certified Training Institute with minimum
Animator ‘experience of 6 years wth Production House or TV Channel with proven proficiency
(Salary range as per in Adobe After Affects latest versions, compositing, post including colour correction
‘market norms) ‘and basic understanding of LUTS and grading. Must also possess basic

understanding of Adobe Premier andlor Apple FCP X. Must be available to work
long hours and relocate and! or work remotely

3_| SD Animator OF | Preferably with a diploma from any certiied Training Institute with minimum
(Gelary range as per ‘experience of 10 years with proven proficiency in Maya 3D Studiomax andlor
‘market norms) Cinema 4D (preference will be given to Cinema 4D). Hands-on knowledge of

compositing, post ncusing advanced knowledge and sis fr colour correction
and basic understanding of Eding, Sound and Graphic Design with proficiency in
‘Adobe lustatr, Adobe Photoshop. Work experience must be witha Producon
House or TV Channel Applicant must be valle to work long hours and relocate
andlor work remotely.

@)_| Non Linear Editors ‘02 | Minimum experience of 8 years with proven proficiency in Adobe Premier/ DaVing
(Galary range as per Resolve andlor Apple FCP X (preference will be given to those with operating
‘market norms) knowledge and proficiency of FCP X). Must possess beginnersibasic skilset of

‘operating Vector based software (preference will be given to those with operating
knowledge of Adobe Illustrator) and Raster based Software (preference will be
given to those with operating knowledge of Adobe Photoshop). Basic sound editing
in any audio software (preference will be given to users of Logic Pro X). Work
‘experience must be with a Production House or TV Channel. Applicant must be
available to work long hours and relocate and! or work remotely

3)_| Concept Writer ‘Of | Engish/Urdu (preference will be given to bilingual writers) Preferably with a degree
jn Mass Communications /Advertising wth a minimum of§ years of concept writing
‘experience of creating concepis for doccumercals, commercials, print campaigns
with an Ad/Digital Agency or a TV Channel, Computer literacy to include word
processing skils on MS Word and InPage Urdu. Must be availabe to work long
hours and relocate or and) work remotely.

®) | Copy Weiter 02 _| Engish/Urdu (preference wll be given to bilingual writers) Preferably with a degree
(Gealary range as per in Mass Communications/Advertising and a minimum of 4 years of copy writing
‘market norms) ‘experience for advertisements, digital, social media content writing, newsletters,

leaflets, etc. with an Ad Agency, Digital Agency and or a TV Channel. Computer
literacy to include word processing skils on MS Word and InPage Urdu. Must be
available to work long hours and relocate and/or work remotely.

7)_| Producer ‘1 | Minimum ofS years of production management and planning experience; Must-be-|
(Gealary range as per wellversed and have hands on knowledge of Pre Production, Production and Post
‘market norms) Production stages of cigital video filming. Should possess satisfactory knowledge

‘of Art Direction, Production Design, Scripting, Scheduling, Production Logistics et.
Work experience must be wth a Production House or TV Channel. Applicant must
be availabe to work long hours and relocate and! or work remotely.

8) | Production Assistant | 01 | Minimum of 3 years of production management and planning experience as @
(Salary range as per assistant. Must be wel-versed and have hands on knowledge of Pre Production,
‘market norms) Production stages of cigital video filming. Should possess satisfactory knowledge

‘of Scheduling, Production Logistic etc. Work experience must be witha Production
House or TV Channel. Applicant must be available to work lng hours and relocate

and! or work remotely

9) | Senior Researcher (Of | With degree in Social Sciences and emphasis and past experience in research and
(Galary range as per ‘analysis possessing @ minimum work experience of 5 years with Think Tanks,
‘market norms) ‘Academia with focus of Ats, Culture, Film and Entertainment Industry. Must have

published atleast 2 papers onthe subject. Applicant must be avilable to work long
hours and relocate andor work remotely

10) | Research Associate {2 | With degree in Social Sciences and emphasis and past experience in research and
(Gelary range as per ‘analysis possessing a minimum work experience of 1 year with Think Tanks,
‘market norms) ‘Academia with focus of Ats, Culture, Film and Entertainment Industy. Applicant

‘must be available to work long hours and relocate andlor work remotely

71) | Graphic Designer OF | Tiree (03) years minimum experience in Graphic Design Work with speed and
(Galary range as per proficiency in soft wares including but not limited to Adobe Illustrator and Adobe
‘market norms) Photoshop. Candidate must have the past experience in Design House, Advertising

‘Agency or a Publication House. Knowledge of Inpage and IDesign will be an
‘additonal plus. Applicant must be available to work long hours and relocate and /
(or work remotely

> Only shortisted candidates onthe basis of eligibility criteria will be called for interview. Virtua online interview wil be arranged
con request. No TAVDA willbe pad fr interview.

> During the service, if selected candidate proved fr provision of forged information and fake/bogus documents, the NRA reserve
the rights to cancel the appointment at any stage and legal action wil be inated accordingly.

> NRA reserve the right to cancel the recruitment process in part or whole, increaseldecrease the number of posts as per
requirement.

> Application form is avilable on Ministry's website Le, wiww.mofept gov pk.

> Prescribed application form alongwith CV and a passpor size photograph shall reach to the office ofthe undersigned by 12
January, 2022 on or before 1700 hours. Copies of Certificates, Degrees, Mark Sheets need notto attach. pro masonan

(Hameed Khan Niazi)

Deputy Secretary (Admn)/ Director (NRA),
FE & PT, Room No.112, 1% Floor, BI

Pak Secretariat, Islamabad,

Email: hameedniazi02@amail,com

Please click the download link near the end of this webpage to
Download Application Form for these jobs.
